Updates community lesson (#11709)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: web_development_101/the_basics/join_the_odin_community.md

We are working hard to update existing lessons and produce new content, so we would love to hear your feedback on the lessons and projects. We hope you find the lessons fun, engaging, and informative and find the projects challenging but achievable. So please let us know your thoughts!

### Before Asking for help

As most of the projects are designed to push you to your limit, please remember that there is always a community to turn to! You don't need to know how to solve every problem straight away, BUT you do need to have a general idea of where you are going. This becomes really important when asking your questions because sometimes the problem is your **approach** and not your code.

> If you're feeling stuck, it's a good time to pause and take a breather. Break the problem down into little pieces and then decide what is really holding you back. We call this technique [rubber duck debugging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging). You can also try doing a [google search](https://www.google.com/). Google is a very powerful tool that can present relevant information, depending on what you enter. Read this post about [How to use Google to solve your programming questions](https://codinginflow.com/google-programming-questions). You could also look back at relevant lessons for tools to take on the current task. If these methods don't yield a solution for you, it's time to reach out to the community and ask for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're feeling stuck, it's a good time to pause and take a breather. Break the problem down into little pieces and then decide what is really holding you back. We call this technique [rubber duck debugging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging). 

You should also do a [Google search](https://www.google.com/) to find relevant information for your problem. Read about [how to use Google to solve your programming questions](https://codinginflow.com/google-programming-questions). You can also look back at previous lessons for tools that you can apply to the current task. 

If these methods don't yield a solution for you, then it's time to reach out to the Odin community and ask for help.
```

### Asking for help

> One of the first things to keep in mind is that [You don't need to ask to ask](https://dontasktoask.com/). While a simple idea, it can help you get answers to your questions a lot faster. However, you'll want to make sure that you help the community help you by putting together a great question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So you've spent some time struggling to solve the problem on your own, and now it's time to fire up the Odin Discord and ask for help. The first thing to keep in mind is [don't ask to ask](https://dontasktoask.com/). While this a simple idea (with a pretty catchy motto!), it can help you get answers to your questions much faster and will make it easier to others to feel comfortable offering you help.

In addition, when you ask your questions, you should help the community help you by putting together a great question.
```

* How did you get there?
* What have you tried so far?

> If you can't pinpoint the problem, you can share a **screenshot**. This is especially useful for showing the output of commands in the command line. In Discord, drag and drop your screenshot image file into the chat box to upload it. In the forums, hit the 'Upload' button on a new reply. If you aren't aware of how to take a screenshot, now is a good time to search on Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't pinpoint the problem, you can share a **screenshot**. This is especially useful for showing the output of commands in the command line. In Discord, drag and drop your screenshot image file into the chat box to upload it or simply use the PrtScn and paste keyboard shortcuts. In the forums, hit the 'Upload' button on a new reply. If you don't know how to take a screenshot on your computer, this is a good time to ask Google.
```

* The forum supports embedded 'replits.' These are essentially runnable bits of code. They're great for sharing code to get help or feedback. You'll learn more about this later.
* As you spend time in the forums helping others or being helped, your trust level will slowly go up, and you'll unlock more functionality.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

  1. First, create a free [GitHub account](https://github.com/join). As you will discover, GitHub is an integral part of the development workflow.

> 

Reviewer: Extra blank line? seems like this could be deleted
